{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\vieww21900\viewh14520\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Repair Buoy\

\b0\fs24 Authors: Svengali (models+shaders), Eric Walch (scripting)\
version 1.3.4, June 2015\
\

\fs28 Introduction
\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs24 \cf0 \
Trading goods between worlds is an extremely dangerous and hard job, and most trading companies are losing\
ships through accidents, pirate ambushes and thargoid attacks. In 2084003 GCT (Galactic Coordinated Time) /\
3135 MGMT (Modern Galactic Mean Time) a number of traders\'92 guilds decided to counteract to the increasing\
number of accidents by establishing the space buoys as a marker for safe space lanes.\
\
But systems are always slow in replacing destroyed navigation buoys. It is very frustrating when you are at the\
main station and have to meet a ship on the way to the witchpoint when the witchpoint buoy is destroyed. It is\
almost impossible to orient yourself in this situation. The authors (Cmdrs. Walch and Svengali) found this very\
annoying and made a little investigation of the reasons. The main reason seemed to be a systemwide shortage\
of buoys, so it always took much time to bring in a new buoy from far away and install it.\
\
In most cases the pilot was already in an other system when the replacement arrived.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720
\cf0 \

\fs28 Buoy Factories.
\fs26 \

\fs24 \
Both authors looked for systems that were prepared to build buoys for a reasonable price. These were found\
with industrial systems with a medium technical level. Systems of low technical level didn\'92t have the skills\
to build the buoys and those of high level found it to inferior work to do. Another selection criterium was the\
availability of metal ore on the planet so alloys could be extracted from it. The buoys themselves are not strong\
enough to lift off a planet\'92s surface, so they have to be assembled in space.\
\
Cmdr. Svengali designed a whole assembly station for this purpose. Parts for the buoys are pre-fabricated\
on the planet surface and then flown in to the assembly station with shuttles. Those factories are in a constant\
need of alloys and will also buy alloys flown in from other systems.\
\
The assembly stations have a technologically advanced docking bay sealing: A force-field that keeps the air\
inside and still allows for a ship to pass trough. This makes it possible to load / unload ships with normal clothing\
instead of using pressurised suits. The disadvantage is that an approaching pilot has no visible view of the landing bay\
and has to use special guiding technology to find the right flight path (or use his docking computer).\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720
\cf2 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720

\fs28 \cf0 Buoy Transport vehicles.
\fs26 \

\fs24 \
Buoys are of the size of a medium ship like a Cobra. This means they don\'92t fit in the cargo bay of a normal ship.\
It would need a spaceship carrier to transport them. This was rejected as too expensive, so we choose for the lower-cost\
solution of towing the buoys. For this job Cmdr. Svengali designed a powerful tugship that is capable of delivering\
the cargo at a reasonable speed.\

\fs26 \

\fs28 Distribution System
\b .
\b0\fs26 \

\fs24 \
Meanwhile Cmdr. Walch built a distribution system to send newly-assembled buoys from the factory to other systems\
before they are actually needed. Once docked in another system, the replacement buoys are stored in a safe place\
in the main stations. Now, when a buoy gets destroyed, a new one can be brought into place without much delay.\
\
When the main station buoy needs to be replaced, a new one can be retrieved directly from the station. When a\
witchpoint beacon is destroyed a new one will be brought in by hyperspace jumping with a buoy from an adjacent system.\
\

\fs28 Large Traders and fuel ships
\fs24 \
\
The GRS station has facilities to accommodate large traders that are to big to dock at a regular station. They can dock at\
one of the two external docking bays. From here on normal sized traders can deliver the goods to the local main station\
or a station in an adjacent system.\
\
GRS also has build some large fuel ships that scoop plasma from the sun, transform it into quirium and deliver this fuel\
to the GRS station for further distribution throughout the galaxy.\
\

\fs28 Instalation.
\b\fs24 \

\b0 \
Take the file "buoyRepair.OXP" and put it in Oolite\'92s AddOns folder. After a restart the new factories are in place\
and the distribution of the replacement buoys will start. Now, when a buoy gets defect, a replacement sequence\
is started within 2 minutes. Sometimes replacement takes longer when traffic around stations is too busy, but this\
is dependent on the local station manager\'92s ability to schedule dockings and launches.\
\

\fs28 Version requirement
\b .
\b0\fs26 \

\fs24 \
This OXP needs Oolite 1.75.1 to work.\
No dependencies, but...\
  if Transports.oxp is installed the Woma will be used too.\
  if Aquatics.oxp is installed the Hawksbill and ManOWar will be used too.\
  if BGS-A or BGS-M is installed a music file will be used when docked at a buoyRepair Facility.\
\
Version history\
1.3.4 Added the shaders that were lost in version 1.3.3\
1.3.3 Added old Anaconda & Boa texture that were removed from Oolite 1.80\
1.3.2 Minor fixes.\
1.3.1 External dockers changed, shader fix and buoy (un)folding.\
1.3 New station to reduce shader swapping and music.\
1.02.8 Fix to avoid running startUp twice when OXPConfig is used.\
1.02.7 Tweaks for Oolite v1.75.\
1.02.6 Workaround for ATI's cards and cleanups.\
1,02.5 Fix in shipyard. Previous versions can crash on Oolite 1.73.\
1.02.4 Minor fixes. Fully tested the Oolite 1.73 release.\
1.02.3 Minor fixes. Prepared for the Oolite 1.73 release. Removed incompatibilities with oxps that change Oolite core ships (e.g. neolite.oxp).\
1.02.2 Minor fixes. Recognises now bigShips.oxp.\
1.02	Added big fuel ships and big traders.\
1.01	Bug fixes and improved station.\
1.00	First release.\
\
----------\
A special thanks to Zieman for his help to find solutions for ATI users.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 Thanks to Murgh for the low cost idea of towing other ships instead of storing them in a cargo bay.\
(see his tugs.OXP, 1 march 2006)\
}